readme.md, before:

GooglePlusPlus - Chrome Extension for Styling Google Products
=============================================================

# License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. 

To view a copy of this license, visit 
	http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/
or send a letter to
	Creative Commons, 
	444 Castro Street, 
	Suite 900, 
	Mountain View, 
	California, 
	94041, USA.

# What's New

Not a lot at this point - it's mainly just a proof of concept

# Code Layout

The idea is that the google styles are agumented by the ones that are defined
in this project, which are autoloaded by Chrome.
The stylesheets that we write should be placed in the css/ directory.
Each declaration should be commented with what objected it will affect (ie you
should work out the purpose(s) of the classes or ids that you are redeclaring).

Each logic change to the styles (eg 'Make top bar float', 'Remove space between
posts') should be in its own file, and each file should only the CSS it needs.

# Future Versions / Overarching TODOs

 - Add some actual styles
 - Options page so users can select which style they want
 - Folders for styles not shared between Google Products

Commit message:

Added what this topic branch does to what's new in readme

readme.md, after:

GooglePlusPlus - Chrome Extension for Styling Google Products
=============================================================

# License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. 

To view a copy of this license, visit 
	http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/
or send a letter to
	Creative Commons, 
	444 Castro Street, 
	Suite 900, 
	Mountain View, 
	California, 
	94041, USA.

# What's New

 - More accesible sign out button on the top bar

# Code Layout

The idea is that the google styles are agumented by the ones that are defined
in this project, which are autoloaded by Chrome.
The stylesheets that we write should be placed in the css/ directory.
Each declaration should be commented with what objected it will affect (ie you
should work out the purpose(s) of the classes or ids that you are redeclaring).

Each logic change to the styles (eg 'Make top bar float', 'Remove space between
posts') should be in its own file, and each file should only the CSS it needs.

# Future Versions / Overarching TODOs

 - Add some actual styles
 - Options page so users can select which style they want
 - Folders for styles not shared between Google Products
